40776 text autospace (#40912)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/text-autospace/index.md

---
title: text-autospace
slug: Web/CSS/text-autospace
page-type: css-property
browser-compat: css.properties.text-autospace
sidebar: cssref
---

The **`text-autospace`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property allows you to specify the space applied between Chinese/Japanese/Korean (CJK) and non-CJK characters.

## Syntax

```css
text-autospace: normal;
text-autospace: no-autospace;
text-autospace: insert;
text-autospace: replace;
text-autospace: ideograph-alpha;
text-autospace: ideograph-numeric;
text-autospace: punctuation;
text-autospace: auto;

/* Global values */
text-autospace: inherit;
text-autospace: initial;
text-autospace: revert;
text-autospace: revert-layer;
text-autospace: unset;
```

> ### Values

Author: Done.
  - [New BCD PR](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/27726)

> ### Values

Reviewer: 🙌 thanks a lot!

- `normal`
  - : Has the same effect as applying both [`ideograph-alpha`](#ideograph-alpha) and [`ideograph-numeric`](#ideograph-numeric) values.

> - `no-autospace`

Author: Done

  - : No automatic space is inserted.
- `insert`
  - : If there are no spaces between the _ideograph_ and _non-ideographic_ scripts the user agent automatically inserts the correct spacing.
- `replace`

>   - : If there are spaces between the _ideograph_ and _non-ideographic_ scripts, such as [U+0020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Whitespace), the user agent automatically replaces it with the correct spacing.

Reviewer: For both `insert` and `replace`, we can add that if not specified, the default value is `insert`.

>   - : If there are spaces between the _ideograph_ and _non-ideographic_ scripts, such as [U+0020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Whitespace), the user agent automatically replaces it with the correct spacing.

Reviewer: This got missed perhaps

---
title: text-autospace
slug: Web/CSS/text-autospace
page-type: css-property
browser-compat: css.properties.text-autospace
sidebar: cssref
---

The **`text-autospace`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property allows you to specify the space applied between Chinese/Japanese/Korean (CJK) and non-CJK characters.

## Syntax

```css
text-autospace: normal;
text-autospace: no-autospace;
text-autospace: ideograph-alpha;
text-autospace: ideograph-numeric;
text-autospace: punctuation;
text-autospace: insert;
text-autospace: replace;
text-autospace: ideograph-alpha insert;
text-autospace: ideograph-alpha replace;
text-autospace: ideograph-numeric insert;
text-autospace: ideograph-numeric replace;
text-autospace: punctuation insert;

> text-autospace: punctuation replace;

Author: Gotcha, updated now

- `<autospace>`
  - : Provides more control over spacing behaviors. It accepts:
    - the keyword `no-autospace`, or
    - a combination of one or more of `ideograph-alpha`, `ideograph-numeric`, and `punctuation`, optionally followed by `insert` or `replace`.
  - `no-autospace`
    - : Disables automatic spacing between CJK and non-CJK characters.
  - `ideograph-alpha`
    - : Adds spacing only between ideographic characters (such as Katakana and Han) and non-ideographic letters (such as Latin). It does not add spacing between ideographic characters and non-ideographic numbers.
  - `ideograph-numeric`
    - : Adds spacing only between ideographic characters (such as Katakana and Han) and non-ideographic numbers (such as Latin). It does not add spacing between ideographic characters and non-ideographic letters.
  - `punctuation`
  - : Adds non-breaking spacing around punctuation as required by language-specific typographic conventions.

>   - `insert`
>     - : If there are no spaces between the _ideograph_ and _non-ideographic_ scripts the user agent automatically inserts the correct spacing.
>   - `replace`
>     - : If there are spaces between the _ideograph_ and _non-ideographic_ scripts, such as [U+0020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Whitespace), the user agent automatically replaces it with the correct spacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `insert`
    - : Adds the specified spacing only if there are no existing spaces between the ideographic and non-ideographic scripts.
  - `replace`
    - : Replaces existing spacing (such as [U+0020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Whitespace)) between ideographic and non-ideographic characters with the specified spacing.
```
